All right, so next, we want to be able to when users click on this icon here, the action button more
we want to populate or show a dialogue that has something like this.
My favorites about settings.
OK, so how do we do this?
Well, first of all, have to think about it.
So in order for us to show something like this, in order for us to show a dialogue, we need to create
a state.
Now all of that has to happen inside of our app bar.
So if you go.
Let's go and find our weather app bar.
There it is.
Open it.
So in our weather app out of here, we want to make sure to create a state variable.
I top here and let's say Val show dialogue.
It's going to be a remember.
And there were multiple state.
Of false to start with.
We have to import remember and such.
So in the beginning, this show dialogue, is it going to be false?
But when do we change that?
Well, we change that when we click, of course, on the icon.
Where is that?
Well, the icon is here, the more icon, so I'm going to say show dialogue and value.
It's going to be true.
This is just to remind you that when it comes to showing dialogues in compose, you have to go through
this very strange process if you ask me just a little bit strange, but that's what we have.
That's where we have to do.
So we need to have a state of showing and.
Not showing it so on or off.
OK, so now we're going to put in if statement here to say if show dialogue is true, so say that value.
If it's true, you can just say like that, then that's where we're going to invoke the show setting
drop down menu.
Yes, a long name, but it's it's going to work.
So for this one, I'm going to actually pass the show dialogue.
Going to be our show dialogue state, and I'm going to also pass on NAF controller.
Like this, you you'll see why.
Let's go ahead and create this composable.
At the bottom, there are good even gave us this mutable state.
Will state it's very good.
It's quite an import.
Very good.
OK, so I'm going to create this structure here.
The actual body of the dialogue that I'm going to put inside of a column.
How did modifier
fail, Max with.
And the next thing I'm going to do.
Let's say rap content size.
OK.
And when I say top.
Sara, linemate, I want to put that at the top, so alignment.
Top end that is, then I'm going to add what we call the absolute padding so that it doesn't change
depending on other factors.
So for the top, I'm going to give an absolute padding of about four to five dpi, right?
It's going to be about 22 dpi.
OK, now inside of our column here, I'm going to invoke the drop down menu.
Now the drop down menu, as you see now a dropdown menu is a composable that we get from compose, which
is very awesome, as you see here.
And so it will require a few things.
So first of all, the expanded variable here, which is a Boolean.
So this will control whether we're showing it or not.
OK.
We have to create here another variable called expanded, let's say by remember like this?
Mutable state.
Say true.
In the beginning like that, now we have to import a few things to make this work.
There we go.
And so this expanded, it's going to be called there as a state.
Now on this missile request, what are we going to do?
We are going to set our expandable expanded, I should say, to false because we want to dismiss that
means expanded.
It's going to be false, which is a state, and then it's going to be dismissed.
Dismissed.
OK.
That's what we need to add now, because drop menu is just like any other composable.
We can also pass a modifier here and say, modifier,
and I'm going to give a width of this modifier drop down, right?
You know, about 140 dpi.
Let's give a background.
Just give me a white background as such.
Let's see if this works as it is so far.
Well, it's working.
That's good.
Click, it's not very eventful, but you saw that working there.
OK.
No problem.
All right.
So next, what we want to do is we want to, of course, show each one of these items which are actually
clickable items, right?
How do we do that?
Well, to simplify our lives, I'm going to create a list of all those items.
Some with several items.
That's going to be a list of elements such and then for someone to say favorites.
OK.
And then about.
In fact, let's just start with about this.
And then favorites.
And then last, we don't have settings like this.
So what I'm going to do then here, I'm going to use all of those when I see items.
Right.
When he used a for each with index, for each index, the such and so we're going to have index and
we're going to have the actual text right could be asked to be anything.
I just say, yes, that's fine.
Texas fine.
And then this is where.
I'm going to call a drop down.
Menu item, because remember, each one of these is going to be a menu item drop down list such.
And let's see, let's make this a land grab, because that's going to help our case like that.
There we go.
And each dropdown menu will have, of course, on click event.
And what we want to do instead of the quick event, we're going to see expanded said that to false and
then we're going to say show dialogue, not value.
And said that to false as well.
So essentially, once we click on either one of these, we're going to get rid of this dialogue.
All right, so now let's go ahead and look at creating these items there.
So, all right, so now let's go ahead and create which one of these items, because remember, we are
inside of a for loop really here.
So we're going to create now this one of each one of these right now because I know there are three
different rules per se right here.
What I'm going to do for the icon, I'm going to see create an icon like this.
And for the image.
Description, content description, the signal for now, but now for each one of this image, because
I want different images of different icons, right?
I need to check to see.
Which one of these, if its favorite about or settings, right, if it's favored, I'm going to have
a heart that's about it going to have this information and then this tool thing, therefore settings.
OK, so to do that and when to use it, when statement real quick here and going to pass the text because
this text is going to be white, it's going to be each one of these texts that we have in our list.
So depending on the text, if it's about first the icon.
It's going to be icons that default.
I'm going to add info.
OK.
Let's important
now, if the case is favorites, then icons our default.
And say favorite.
Border like this.
And then else we just have one more case, really.
I'm just going to say it's going to be all right, Colin is the default.
Settings.
Like that?
We don't need commerce.
All right, analysts and.
Tent color for each one of these colored light gray.
Let's put a comment on
that.
And then right below that or actually altered it to the right, I'm going to add a text.
So essentially now I'm adding this text here, that's part
and four texts are going to be text right now inside of for a loop, so we will know to grab the correct
text.
So modifier.
When I make this clickable and because it's still a text.
Say font weight.
So three hundred, I say, but wait, and that's fine, OK?
We did a lot of things.
Let's go ahead and see if this works and go ahead and run.
OK, I can see it works, OK.
It's quick.
They would go say about.
And you click somewhere outside the actual menu items and goes away.
OK, so it's working.